.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Thank you for submitting this pull request! We appreciate you spending the time to work on these changes.

## What is the motivation?

<!-- Provide information on the motivation for why you have made this change. -->

## Type of Change

<!-- Mark with an `x` all the checkboxes that apply (like `[x]`) -->

- [ ] 📚 Examples / docs / tutorials / dependencies update
- [ ] 🔧 Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] 🥂 Improvement (non-breaking change which improves an existing feature)
- [ ] 🚀 New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] 💥 Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change)
- [ ] 🔐 Security fix

## What does this change do?

<!-- Provide a description of what this pull request does. -->

## What is your testing strategy?

<!-- Write your test plan here. If you changed any code, please provide us with clear instructions on how you verified your changes work. -->

## Is this related to any issues?

<!-- If this pull request is related to any other pull request or issue, or resolves any issues - then link all related pull requests and issues here. -->

Commit message:

Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#58)

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Thank you for submitting this pull request! We appreciate you spending the time to work on these changes.

## What does this change do?

<!-- Provide a description of what this pull request does. -->

## Is this related to any issues?

<!-- If this pull request is related to any other pull request or issue, or resolves any issues - then link all related pull requests and issues here. -->

## What is your testing strategy?

<!-- Write your test plan here. If you changed any code, please provide us with clear instructions on how you verified your changes work. -->

## Before submitting

<!-- Please make sure you've completed the following steps before submitting this merge request. -->

- [ ] Did you verify new and existing tests pass locally with your changes?
- [ ] Did you update the documentation?
- [ ] Did you list all breaking changes introduced by this merge request?

## Merge Request Reviewer Checklist

<!-- Please make sure you've completed the following steps before accepting this merge request. -->

- [ ] Did you verify the code runs locally?
- [ ] Did you verify the code follows the style guidelines of this project?
- [ ] Did you verify the code is commented where it should be?
- [ ] Did you verify the code has proper tests?
- [ ] Did you verify the code has documentation?
